Add persister info for RN (#4775)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/mobile/react-native/index.md

    # or
    npm install --save @segment/analytics-react-native @segment/sovran-react-native react-native-get-random-values
    ```

>     1. If you want to use the default persistor for the Segment Analytics client, you also have to install [`react-native-async-storage/async-storage`](https://github.com/react-native-async-storage/async-storage).

Reviewer: I'd recommend avoiding numbered lists where there's only one item. If you remove the `1.` this sentence will appear as a tab under step two of this list!

```suggestion
    If you want to use the default persistor for the Segment Analytics client, you also have to install [`react-native-async-storage/async-storage`](https://github.com/react-native-async-storage/async-storage).
```

    ```sh
    yarn add @react-native-async-storage/async-storage 
    # or
    npm install --save @react-native-async-storage/async-storage
    ```

>     *Note: If you wish to use your own persistence layer you can use the `storePersistor` option when initializing the client. Make sure you always have a persistor (either by having AsyncStorage package installed or by explicitly passing a value), else you might get unexpected sideeffects like multiple 'Application Installed' events. Read more [Client Options](#client-options)*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *Note: If you wish to use your own persistence layer you can use the `storePersistor` option when initializing the client. Make sure you always have a persistor (either by having AsyncStorage package installed or by explicitly passing a value), else you might get unexpected side effects like multiple 'Application Installed' events. Read more about the need for a persistor in the [Client Options](https://github.com/segmentio/analytics-react-native#client-options){:target="_blank”} documentation.*
```

Reviewer: There's a table on lines 70-85 that discusses options you can apply to configure the client - should we add `storePersistor` to that list because we explicitly called it out in step two?
